If I just can get my
fingers through...
When you got here last night.
Did you use the stairs,
or the elevator?
The stairs.
- You must have seen Chris.
- Why would I see him?
He went to the stairwell.
To check the fuse box when the light
went out. You would have passed him.
He..he wasn't there.
Come on, you son of a bitch.
Is it over?
What can you see, Bill?
Bill?
There's bodies in the street.
- Is it Chris?
- No, I don't think so.
Is it safe? Help me out.
- Who was that?
- Nothing. Just a man.
- You think Dad is dead?
- No, I'm sure he's fine.
How long are we gonna stay in here?
Until it's safe.
Where have you been?
I was looking for some rope.
Couldn't find any.
Just get me out of here.
Doctor Durand, It's not safe outside,
we don't know if it's over..
She's out there somewhere.
I'm going to find her.
Doctor Durand.
I know where she was when
the attack happened. I'll walk.
- Doctor Durand.
- I have to find her.
Listen to me!
If your sister is dead, I'm sorry.
Then we can no longer help her.
But suppose she's alive,
where could she be?
- She was on her way here.
- You have to wait here for her.
Come.
He must have tried to help her.
Oh, my darling.
Is it safe?
I guess people would be
coming back down if it wasn't.
Stay behind me.
How do we know it isn't
gonna happen again?
Don't look.
- What the fuck? What...
- What is it?
Come on.
Everyone's dead already?
Tom come on.
Tom get in the car.
What we gonna do now?
We set it out and were going home,
that's all we should do.
What if it happens again?
Now what?
We'll walk. Get your bags.
Hey... I am talking to you.
- No French.
- English?
Yeah.
- Are you OK?
- Yeah.
Have you seen other people?
Alive?
No. Do you?
A few man.
What happened?
Is it like this everywhere?
How would you know man.
There is no phone.
No internet. No radio. Nothing.
Everything has gone to shit.
You sure your OK,
you need anything?
No.
Fred, give a bottle.
Thanks.
You have somewhere to go?
You can stay with us.
- I have to find my family.
- Were? In France?
London.
I wanna go through the channel tunnel.
Might not be as bad there.
Take good care of yourself
The number of survivors is unknown.
Above ground there is no electricity.
All the equipment that we were
able to secure works perfectly.
We prepare the generator.
And? Do you hear
something on the radio?
No nothing. At no frequency.
Even the emergency
transmitter does not work.
Keep searching.
Do you want to bury him?
Where?
In the park.
- Do you think Dan is dead?
- No.
You don't know.
If he was in the bunker,
he should be safe.
- What are you doing?
- I have to find Dan.
- Okay, I'll come with you.
- I don't want you too.
He is my son too.
You think that I don't love him.
- Helen please.
- Why are you even here?
You're gonna need some food.
You can't wear those shoes.
Go on there new.
Chris was gonna take up jogging
and he never got around too it.
I don't want you holding me
up and winding about blisters.
I'll wait for you downstairs.
Where are you going?
Check the installations.
The satellites.
It was allowed by the colonel.
Okay, go.
Is everything alright?
I am thinking of my family.
Colonel, Listen...
Which channel is this?
It's not one of us.
We do not use this frequency.
Where is it from?
Somewhere North East of us.
I don't know exactly.
I've never heard anything like this.
Is it extraterrestrial?
I do not know.
Maybe they are already here.
Where's Doctor Durand?
- Let's go.
- The dog...
- The pulse didn't kill the dog?
- So?
That's interesting.
What are you doing?
Just in case the dog needs to get out,
if he's hungry.
What the fuck do you think your doing?
Sorry, I will not hurt you,
I'm just trying to
get food. I'm not...
- Is that a gun?
- Oh no... no...
- As if they are watching us.
- Don't look at them.
What do we do now, anyway?
I thought we'll see the...
either East or...
the Army or someone
and they can tell us what to do
Maybe there all dead too?
I'm hungry.
Okay,
then we'll find somewhere to eat.
- What is it?
- Can't you hear it roar?
It's that sound again.
I can't hear anything. Come on,
let's go.
Do we still have to pay for stuff?
I guess we just help ourselves.
Get proper stuff, healthy stuff.
proper food.
What is it?
Two dead guy's.
It think they shot each other.
Let's just get what we need and go.
Help. Help me.
Please. Just help me please.
What is going on?
Please I need a doctor.
Hey, there are some
people maybe they can help.
- Hey! Hey...
- Tom, tom. Wait.
Emily, come on. Tom!
Someone's hurt!
We need help! Hey!
Tom, wait!
Why didn't they stop?
Because they are looking after themselves,
like we need to.
- Do you want to leave him?
- No, I don't want to leave him but...
If we leave him
he's going to die.
Even if we could find a doctor do you
think they gonna drop everything and...
- We can at least try.
- I don't care about him.
I care about you and Emily.
That's all I care about.
Why are you being like this?
Are you okay?
Can I get you anything?
- Water.
Can you show me were that is?
In front of you.
Lower.Lower.
Yes.Yes.
Can't you come closer.
What happened?
I was just getting food and water.
He stabbed me.
I didn't mean to kill him.
It's okay. Okay.
We get help.
How bad is it?
- I lost a lot of blood.
- It's fine.
My mum will be getting help.
Yeah.
All those dead people...
What happened?
There was a attack.
Is it like this everywhere?
I don't know? I think so.
Can I talk to you outside?
- What is it?
- Just come outside.
- Why?
- She wants to leave me.
What?
We're not leaving him.
Please. Please don't go.
Stay here...
We can't help you. I'm sorry.
- Emily, we have to go.
- We have to find a doctor.
- There are no doctors.
- You don't know that.
- Please...
- There is nothing we can do.
Please.
Forgive me. I just want
you to find a doctor.
Okay.
- Please don't hurt me.
- Okay, we'll find a doctor.
Can't you just let her go.
No.No.No You find a doctor!
She stays with me!
Please your hand. I swear.
I get her home I promised.
Please let her go.
Please.
Please just let her go.
- What is going on?
- Go! Just go!
Hello, What's your name?
You do not have to be scared.
I'm Catherine. And you?
Charlotte Fournier.
Where are your parents?
Dad said we had to flee.
I hid in a cave.
I can't find them anywhere.
- Where do you live?
- In Grenoble.
I'm also going to Grenoble.
Are you coming?
Then we will look for
your parents together.
Who is Sophia?
I just heard you all the time
call her name.
- That's my sister.
- Have you lost her too?
Yes.
Maybe she is
with my mum, dad and brother.
They'll take care of her.
I've seen some dead people.
Don't think about that.
Just think of something else.
Be quiet.
What does that mean?
Who is that?
She has lost her parents.
Let her go.
Don't be afraid, they won't hurt you.
These are friends of mine.
- Why did you leave?
- I went looking for my sister.
Her car is there, but she is not there.
Maybe she went back to Grenoble.
I can't let you go.
there may be another attack.
You don't have to come.
Did you want to shoot us?
Okay, we go along, but alone
to see what is going on.
But you follow my orders.
If I want you to continue or stop,
you do that.
- Is that understood?
- Okay.
Move out and be alert.
Eyes front.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing. I'm just curious.
How the Hell did they
know so much about us?
It's like they know more about
us than we know ourselves.
Shouldn't you be asking
WHY they wanna do this to us?
If I favour of the HOW
maybe I can,
understand the WHY.
Maybe there is a connection
between the means and the motive.
This is not a scientific
experiment Bill. Let's go.
Helen. This way.
- You're lost aren't you?
- We're not lost.
Just not sure were
we are exactly.
What's the difference?
That sound come back.
- You must be imagining it.
- Come on.
We're never gonna make it
home tonight before it get's dark.
Let's stay at this hotel.
It's okay.
Do we really have to sleep
in the same bed together?
- Should have got a bigger room.
- I'm sure we'll manage.
Things won't seem really bad if you
let us have pretzels and chocolate for tea
I'll might have just slipped this one.
The guy in the shop...
- You think he's dead yet?
- Probably.
We just uhm..could we
not talk about him please.
You want to eat something now.
I'm not hungry.
- We have movement
- Where?
Near the supermarket.
Maybe she's there too.
Please.
Okay, let's go.
When was the last
time you saw Dan?
- Just before the attack.
- How was he?
He was clergy but all carrying.
Jack was gonna drop
off the rest of his stuff.
Did he tell you
why they broke up?
Jack was seeing someone else.
I never liked that Jack anyway's.
He's a prick.
Dan deserved
something more than that.
We'll find him, Helen. We will.
- Where is everyone?
- spread out.
What's going on?
Lights.
Fuck!
Fuck, it's a trap!
On the roof!
They're on the roof!
Stop shooting!
Only shoot when you see something!
What's on the roof?
No idea.
What is that?
Shh... Be quiet.
Cover me!
Apply pressure to the wound.
Stay with him.
Where's the doctor and the girl?
- Did you see what it was?
- No.
Is everything all right?
Are you hurt? Where's the girl?
Halt.
What the hell was that?
No idea. It's gone.
Don't look.
Sorry. We have to leave.
It's too dangerous here.
We can't leave her.
I have men down.
I have no choice. Wait!
Look what I found in the basement.
We should've tried to find Chris.
If we've got to find him
we would be dead too.
He was a good man.
Did you see him?
No. I already told you that.
I'll never leave him to die.
You know I'll couldn't do that
Sorry.
I just need to get some sleep.
Saaid?
I'm sorry.
We should never have
gone back to the valley.
I gave the order.
- I should have protected her.
- You couldn't have done anything.
Have you seen...
what it was
No.
But it has been waiting for us.
I don't understand. Why?
Maybe they see us as a threat.
- Are they afraid of a little girl?
- Or they want something from us.
They can find resources
on other planets.
Water, minerals, everything they may need.
It is totally illogical.
There has to be some meaning to them.
I'm going to sleep.